well I had either internet people
Isabeau again so today we're going to
talk about iced tea
that's praised I never thought I'd say
we're gonna round iced tea
hobbies empower because the three things
converged today
iced tea the musician tweeted a Amin it
was a quote widely attributed to
Napoleon something to the effect of you
know never interrupt your opposition
when they're destroying themselves or
making a mistake something along those
lines he tweeted it because he liked the
quote the problem is the image in the
background was a flaming cue donk donk
don see we all know what that means
most of us would assume because politics
is a hobby for us this is a fringe
theory ok it is a fringe theory he had
no reason to know what it was and it was
very entertaining to watch him deal with
the people who were attempting to drag
him or claiming that he was spreading it
or whatever because he responded in
typical iced tea fashion which I can't
repeat it here but it's pretty
entertaining and it was also really
funny to me being familiar with his
music to watch people say that he needs
to pay closer attention to politics
guessing you've never heard body count
that's a great political music at times
but see the thing is because it's a
hobby we become steeped in it and we're
aware of these fringe theories now if
you're not aware of it it is a far-right
wing theory that suggests somebody in
the Trump administration is dropping
hints and clues as to what's going to
happen next and the name originates
because of his cue clearance by the way
guys that's not a military thing that
that's the Department of Energy but
aside from that it's basically
Nostradamus for the internet age
there are little statements made that
could be interpreted in a whole bunch of
different ways and if you want to
believe it you can find a way to believe
it if you don't you can find a way not
to believe it
they're very vague and very critic we
know about it because it's a hobby
politics is a hobby there's nothing
wrong with that in and of itself there
isn't in fact in many ways it's a good
thing it gets you interested it get you
believing in something but at the same
time your beliefs are worthless unless
they're converted into action tangible
action and I can't be too judgmental as
I do it myself all the time get on line
somebody says something and you end up
in a four-hour conversation been busy
all day got nothing done we should
probably stop that we should probably
stop that because politics isn't a hobby
politics power it's about power and it
doesn't matter where on the political
spectrum you lie that's what it's about
if you are a far-right believer in cue
it's about consolidating that power and
getting it in the right hands those
benevolent dictators that would exist if
you're somebody on the other end wants
to decentralize power and give it to
everybody break it up so there is no
monopoly on it it's a game it's a
tug-of-war but it's one of the few games
where the points are measured in human
lives and the quality of those lives so
what I would suggest is that as we move
into 2020 we stop letting politics be a
hobby we start letting it be a calling
and set the goal of once a month doing
something tangible a real world to
effect change whatever it is you believe
in whatever it is you're passionate
about because at the end of the day if
you are truly passionate about a topic
you probably know a lot about it you're
probably going to make better decisions
then somebody who's just going off of
you know a little bit of what they've
heard so stick to what you're truly
about and work towards bettering that
particular topic
if we all do that we will see real
change 2020 is a year where we need to
get out there we need to seize the
initiative if you want progress now is
the time we need to seize the initiative
and no retreat anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night